Docker compose refactor (#269)
icubam/icubam: doc/docker.md

docker exec -it icubam-server bash`
```

### Starting containers separately

The `docker` folder also contains scripts to launch the application' containers individually (for debugging purposes, 
using the `docker/scripts/docker_build.sh`, `docker/scripts/docker_run.sh` and `docker/scripts/docker_sms_build.sh` 
scripts),

### Issues and debug

> - If configuration files are updated, it is recommented to deete the existing containers et restart them to properly reload the configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If configuration files are updated, it is recommended to delete the existing containers et restart them to properly reload the configuration files.
```
